(pensive music)
(person sighing)
(keyboard keys clacking)
(phone vibrating)
(message notification)
(phone keys clicking)
(keys clinking)
(door squeaking)
(message notification)
(phone vibrating)
(phone keys clicking)
(message whistling)
(message notification)
(phone keys clicking)
(hangers whooshing)
(message notification)
(phone vibrating)
(camera snapping)
(messages dinging)
(train whooshing)
Users describe sugar dating
as a way for affluent men or women
to connect with younger people online
for what they call "mutually beneficial relationships".
Regardless of what you think of the lifestyle,
police say more sugar dating websites
and social media platforms are now being used
by sexual predators to lure minors,
and the law is struggling to keep up.
Sex trafficking recruitment
from social channels has more than doubled
in the last two years,
and often these propositions are made
through social media platforms like Twitter (X).
Project:SugarFree is a data-driven program designed
to put an end to sex trafficking in Washington state,
one tweet at a time.
Project:SugarFree uses data analytics tools
and automated AI technology
to identify problematic sugaring communications
on Twitter (X) from four key audiences
and intercept both potential victims and offenders
with tweets meant to warn and educate.
(siren ringing)
Since launching, Project:SugarFree
has seen tremendous success.
93 unique exploiters were identified,
23 of them de-platformed.
While most marketing campaigns work to increase sales,
Project:SugarFree is working to end them,
ultimately saving vulnerable lives
from being exploited by sex traffickers.
(pensive music ending)